Fix properties getting lost in mapping editor when target id is OperationSetImplementation (#1025)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/thin-boxes-flash.md

---
"@finos/legend-studio": patch
---

> Fix properties getting lost in mapping editor when target id is `OperationSetImplementation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix properties getting lost in mapping editor when target set implementation is an `OperationSetImplementation` ([#1012](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1012)).
```
